README.md, before:

# Quasar IntelliSense

Quasar IntelliSense is a Visual Studio Code extension that enhances the development experience with Quasar Framework. It offers CSS class autocompletion, reducing errors and saving time for developers. This tool simplifies working with Quasar, making the development process more efficient and effective.

This extension is inspired by the popular Tailwind CSS IntelliSense extension.

## Installation

**[Install via the Visual Studio Code Marketplace →](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hossaini.quasar-intellisense)**

## Activation

The extension will be activated automatically when it's installed.

## Features

### Quasar CSS Class Autocomplete

Quasar Intellisense is a Visual Studio Code extension that offers CSS class autocomplete for Quasar. Enter a class name and the extension will suggest matching CSS classes, if not than try ctrl + space to trigger the autocomplete.

<img src="/assets/images/img1.png"/>

## Known Issues

If you encounter any errors or have suggestions for improvement, please feel free to contact me at Hossainih03@gmail.com. I appreciate your feedback and will do my best to address any issues you may have. Thank you in advance!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you would like to add new features or make improvements to the project, feel free to fork the repository and submit your changes via pull requests. Your contributions will be highly appreciated and will help make the project even better. Thank you in advance for your interest in contributing!

## Requirements

This extension requires VSCode version 1.67.1 or higher.

Enjoy!

Commit message:

:sparkles: Enhance feature: Now able to view complete CSS for class names. :sparkles: Added support for suggesting CSS classes from CDN links as well. :recycle: Refactor code for improved maintainability and readability. :hammer_and_wrench: Updated README file :bug: Fix minor bugs.

README.md, after:

# Quasar IntelliSense

Quasar IntelliSense is a Visual Studio Code extension that enhances the development experience with Quasar Framework. It offers CSS class autocompletion, reducing errors and saving time for developers. This tool simplifies working with Quasar, making the development process more efficient and effective.

This extension is inspired by the popular Tailwind CSS IntelliSense extension.

## Installation

**[Install via the Visual Studio Code Marketplace →](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=hossaini.quasar-intellisense)**

## Activation

The extension will be activated automatically when it's installed.

## Features

### Smart Autocomplete

Intelligent suggestions for Quasar class names.
Enter a class name and the extension will suggest matching CSS classes, if not than try `ctrl + space` to trigger the autocomplete.

<img src="/assets/images/autocomplete.png"/>

### Detailed CSS Insights

View complete CSS details for Quasar class names.

<img src="/assets/images/css-details.png"/>

### Quasar Version Detection

Display the Quasar version used in the project.

<img src="/assets/images/bootsrap-version.png"/>

## Known Issues

If you encounter any errors or have suggestions for improvement, please feel free to contact me at Hossainih03@gmail.com. I appreciate your feedback and will do my best to address any issues you may have. Thank you in advance!

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you would like to add new features or make improvements to the project, feel free to fork the repository and submit your changes via pull requests. Your contributions will be highly appreciated and will help make the project even better. Thank you in advance for your interest in contributing!

## Requirements

This extension requires VSCode version 1.67.1 or higher.

Enjoy!
